# georescue
Data Analytics App for San Francisco 
GeoRescue: Helping the city of San Francisco stay safe, one dispatch at a time!
GeoRescue is a web app that allows the user to get an inside look at the analytics of dispatch calls for San Francisco. The first page, a heat map allows the user to see which parts of the city experience a specific type of dispatch based on the given data. They can alter the heat map through the use of radio buttons and toggle the heat map by clicking the button underneath the map. The second page, displays statistics based on the given data. It gives the user a look at three main trends. The first being the a frequency of calls versus the dispatch type which shows the user which dispatch type is most common in San Francisco. The second is a graph that displays the average time to arrive on scene (found taking the on scene time and subtracting the received time) versus the call type which shows how fast the response team gets to the call on average based on the dispatch type. The third graph shows the call type versus the amount of unique boxes in order to show what type of call the most of the boxes are used for. A fourth graph is also included at the bottom of the page to show which areas take the longest to reach and how it can be improved. Additionally the search and predict page allows the user to enter an address and time and receive a prediction of what type of dispatch call is likely to happen. Overall, whether it be the simple to use interface or eye-popping theme of San Francisco that the app embodies, GeoRescue is sure to be a useful tool in your life if you are interested in the city, visiting, or even a citizen of the Golden City!
